Now that we added this first step
and we downloaded this code with help of this action,
it's time for the second step of this job.
Keep in mind, our goal is to run these automated tests.
Now that we got the code, the next step,
is to make sure that we got Node.js installed,
and that we install all dependencies of this project.
Now, since I'm using Ubuntu-latest,
Node.js is already installed.
How do I know that it is installed?
Well, GitHub publishes a list of software
that's preinstalled on its runners.
You see that if you go to Supported Software,
here on this page,
under Preinstalled Software,
there you select your runner.
In my case, it's this one.
And then here you find a list
of preinstalled programming languages
and tools and software.
And here you actually see
that it comes with Node.js preinstalled.
So since I need Node.js, this is already there
and I don't need to install it manually.
If we would need to install Node.js, though,
we could add a separate step
and use a separate action for this.
The Setup-node Action.
Again, you could find this action
by searching for GitHub Actions, install Node.js,
and you would probably find this action,
which you can add to your Install Node.js on your runner.
And again, you find instructions
on how to use this action here.
Now to be really clear, we don't need to do this here
because we got Node.js preinstalled,
but to practice the usage of actions
I will actually use this action here.
Also Version v3, in this case,
as you can see in the official docs.
And then here, I will add some configuration.
And in case of this Setup-node Action
one piece of configuration we can provide,
is the Node Version we want to install.
And here, I will actually pick node-version: 18
to make this a bit more meaningful.
Because my runner actually has Version 16 installed,
so maybe I want that latest version,
which at the point of time I'm recording this,
is Version 18,
and then I could indeed install Version 18, like this.
Again, technically that's not necessary,
but it also doesn't hurt.
So that's now my second step.